it's been a while since I looked at a
keyboard with enough RGB to fill my soul
with goodness and light and angry meow
is kind of promising to do that today
with their am neon 80 because it's a
synthwave reminiscent keyboard that is
supposed to be filled with holes that's
right holes they've drilled over 3,000
holes into this thing and I'm really
excited about it because about 3 years
ago to the very day I opened the
cyberboard R3 and I love it I don't care
what you guys say I love that keyboard
and so we're going to look at this one
today just out of the box we got our
keyboard here I'll unveil it in a moment
and then we've got some leaf springs
because in true am fashion they've kind
of move to using leaf springs as their
main mounting system and while I'm not
crazy about it because I don't Tinker
too much once I've got my keyboard
finished this lets you do that it's got
apparently 12 total different stages
that you can set it to cable I don't
normally comment on how smooth and soft
the cable feels people are complaining
because it's an expensive keyboard we'll
talk about price later and at the price
point you don't get the nice coiled
cable that's a fair complaint I'll be
honest though this is it's just really
soft and smooth and feels good to touch
it's not super long this is probably
like a 3ft cable so that's a little
disappointing I would like to see a
longer one but it's USBC to see one
really nice thing though is it is
labeled as a 100 wat cable love to see
it because people often don't label
their USBC cables and then you get the
cable and you plug it in and it's not
charging right because it's
not sorry and something else I just
found out it's magnetic and in true
angry meow fashion this whole thing
comes in this beautiful case that is a
little overbuilt but you know what the
keyboard's very expensive so I get why
they put it in such a nice case what's
really cool is that on the bottom of the
briefcase esque box we've got a bunch of
specs and stats for our keyboard it's
mostly our model number voltage stuff
like that it's uh wired only for reasons
we'll get to in a moment but this thing
can allegedly draw up to 12 Watts
because of all the LEDs that are
installed and then we've also got in
this little bag here it looks like it's
just a spare piece of foam for one of
the many foam layers that are I that I
am sure are inside this keyboard today
that we're going to check out I'm going
to keep this handy in case I need it
because you never know the
unveiling it's
heavy oh my gosh it's been a while since
I've had one of these thick boys on the
desk this is absolutely stunning it is
just a giant thick sheet of aluminum and
oh my gosh I I love it on the bottom uh
we've got what looks to be oh my God
it's three peels
two three we've got the classic angry
meow catpaw logo there's a ton of holes
in this bad boy so if you got
Trypophobia I would just turn away right
now cuz you're going to get Eed out but
I love it and apparently there's a bunch
of RGB they've got over
300 LEDs uh below the surface here to
light up this whole keyboard on the top
on the front on the sides and on the
switches hence the clear key caps
they're calling it four dimensional cuz
there's four dimensions of lighting I
don't know about that but you know what
sure it's great I really like the type
feel these are icy silver Pro V2
switches they look and sound pretty good
that is
creamy not much rattle if any in the
space bar oh same with the shift enter
it's all good don't get me wrong you
might be paying a lot of money but the
quality is there is it worth that much I
don't know that's for you to judge but I
will say it feels solid you're not going
to get this thing and then feel
completely ripped off it's so hard to
lift up partly because you can't really
get your fingers underneath it because
the rubber feet are very thin and then
on the back here we've got this
indentation it looks like they're
wireless charging stuff but there's no
battery in here so I don't know if the
plan was to fit a couple of 5,000
milliamp hour batteries and then they
just said nope it doesn't have enough
juice because apparently it doesn't it's
just too much light too much RGB it's
14.56%
just put holes in it easy peasy 3,000 of
them it's actually really difficult to
machine them out but they've done it
those mad Lads USBC in the middle some
of you care some of you care about the
left side or the right side I'm a middle
kind of guy personally so this actually
suits me pretty well comes in three
different colors cyber gray space silver
and Cloud white looks like we've got our
cyber silver it's so shiny it's very
Apple do you think it's Apple just okay
yeah it does look like the finish on
your MacBook bring your MacBook over
here this one's darker it's better I
like mine more and one of the best parts
is if you don't like these switches for
whatever reason I actually really like
them so far I do believe this is hot
swap even though I didn't see it
mentioned like anywhere I found one
review yep no problem easy peasy oh
these are so pretty just crystal clear
it does also come in a little bit
cheaper DIY version that you'll have to
put together yourself so if you want to
buy that one go ahead I want to play
plug this thing in though I got to see
the RGB it's so shiny like I can't wait
to see the just explosion of color
apparently uh you need a motherboard
with a USB 3 port and I guess USBC like
it's kind like it's it's giving you a
ctoc cable instead of the typical c a
cable uh and I mean it's delivering 100
Watts because this thing is going to eat
through that power and they actually
have a little bit of warning on about
how you need a good enough power supply
for it 12 Watts it's fine you're not
going to you know you could probably run
this on whatever but you are going to
need a motherboard with USB 3 but before
I turn it on you know let's take a
minute to talk about our sponsor Corsair
their 3500x midtower PC case is a great
choice for just about any build with
support from Mini ITX all the way up to
eatx motherboards a wraparound tempered
glass aesthetic and room for up to 10
120 mm fans your PC will stay cool both
inside and out plus its removable glass
panels make building and upgrading a
breeze it even supports reverse
connections for a clean cable-free look
so check out the Corsair 3500x at the
link in the video description all right
now we've got everything set up let's
plug it in it in plug it
in you can customize it of course so we
put short circuit on there and oh my
gosh it's so pretty and then let me see
what else we can do F10 turns it onor
off that's pretty cool F9 turns my RGB
honor off for my keys that's why you got
them sweet sweet clear uh key caps oh
and then you've got a bunch of modes so
you can just change like full colors all
the modes oh oh
oh let's hit the lights let's hit the
lights
[Music]
wow I don't want to pay for it but I
want this thing oh and I haven't even
looked at the side yet oh my God or the
front wow I man I love this thing but
how does it how does it type I I say it
feels good but you know oh wow they got
their am neon 80 software just ready to
go here it supports qmk vile and their
own software layer 1 layer two layer
three layer four that's pretty cool
seems easy enough to do ooh lighting
effects Library oh that's cool you got a
bunch of presets that you can change it
to and yeah like uh kind of like the uh
cyberboard you can change this Matrix to
whatever you want um so you can make
your own custom pattern patterns and
like you like I mean you saw the short
circuit logo and the LTT logo um you can
do whatever you want and if this isn't
enough for you you can download other
Json files that other people have
uploaded for their own lighting effects
uh so you can share if you want you know
so you make something really cool you
want to give it to your friend or just
the community you can do that I'm not
going to do that the angle is a little
less Steep and I kind of like it it's
it's much flatter and uh it's a bit more
pleasant to type on some people like a
really high angle I'm like okay with it
I don't hate it but this is preferable
to to me let's
go sounds so
good 11298 you know what oh it feels and
sounds just so
good that space bar is just that nice
little extra kind of deep sound to it as
you just jump through the words man can
I just take this back with me I have
three other keyboards on my desk I will
swap all of them for this guy and the a
cool thing is as well is it's really
easy to take apart came with these
little Hex wrenches for you so if you do
want to Tinker you can just go ahead and
pop those out 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 eight screws
that's not too bad my real complaint is
only the cable I I know it's 100 watt
and the more bandwidth or power you try
to push through cables the shorter
they've got to be before they start
losing signal strength and I get it I
just really wish that it was a bit
longer cuz uh it's really short honestly
other wise I think the only thing to
complain about is the price if you want
the base kit because you already have a
bunch of other stuff you've got switches
key caps stabilizers whatever
$516 that's a lot if you want more if
you want it to come fully decked out
kind of like we got right here you're
looking at
$656 it's a hard pill to swallow uh I
personally I I can't say I would buy it
it's so tough like I want to uh but I
can't and that's so disappointing cuz
it's it's incredibly beautiful but what
do you think you think it's worth it you
think it's not let us know in the
comments below
and Shout at me and tell me why I don't
need the am neon 80 this synthwave
awesome keyboard that I so desperately
want to steal thanks for watching Short
Circuit
this is a big
keyboard goodbye